1
Who head back to school on the hogwarts express? 
When was the film nominated for two Academy AwardsOriginal Music Score and Visual Effectsat the 77th Academy Awards .? 
Who has buckbeak sentenced to death on court? 
When does harry then threaten to curse Vernon? 
Who out of anger , vow to avenge his parents , and kill black? 
Does it stand as the thirty-ninth highest-grossing film of all-time? 
What nonetheless , currently stand as the thirty-ninth highest-grossing film of all-time? 
Does harry vow to avenge his parents , and kill black? 
What when the train abruptly stops , , searching for black because harry mention his name? 
Who is the sequel to harry potter and the chamber of secrets and is followed by harry potter and the goblet of fire? x
276.033447981
2
When is the best time to observe Gemini at night overhead? 
When the sun dies on and in the astrological sign of Gemini 28th each year .? x
Where is it  an orange-hued giant star of magnitude 1.2 , 34 light-years? 
How many years are two spectroscopic binaries  visible at magnitudes 1.9 and 3.0 with a period of? x
How many light-years is it  an orange-hued giant star of magnitude 1.2 ,  from earth? 
Where are there  several other bright stars , including multiple stars ,? x
Why the two are only divisible in larger amateur? 
Where isthe primary  a yellow supergiant of magnitude 3.1 , 900 light-years? x
When has although Castor the Bayer designation `` Alpha , '' it is actually the second brightest in the constellation? 
How many light-years isthe primary  a yellow supergiant of magnitude 3.1 ,  from earth? 
281.079054117
3
When does jamal lose contact with Latika? 
Where bluffs his way into javed 's residence and reunites? x
When is salim regretful for his past actions and only pleads for forgiveness? 
Where does latika watch the news coverage of jamal 's miraculous run on the show? 
What promise to wait for her every day at 5o ` clock at the vt station? x
Where does jamal lose contact with latika when javed moves to another house , outside? 
What then bluffs his way into javed 's residence and reunites with latika? x
When does kumar feed Jamal the incorrect response to the penultimate question ,? 
Who while jamal professes his love for her , ask him to forget about her? 
What recount , through flashbacks , the incidents in his life which provided him with each answer? x
287.777611971
4
When does this make Higgins ' evening ,? 
How many parts isthe song  split into  sung in different scenes? 
When is the second half of the song sung by Doolittle just? 
When has alfred feels that Higgins ruined him ,? 
Who partly conceal a grin behind his hand? 
What onstage , is split into two parts sung in two different scenes? 
What poses as a mysterious lady at an embassy ball and even dances with a foreign prince? x
What was followed faithfully , except for `` with a little bit of luck ''? x
When is as , Theodore Bikel the only surviving member of the main on-screen cast ; Marni Nixon is also still alive .? x
Who however , come to the horrified realization that he has `` grown accustomed to her face . ? 
235.941777945
7
When did he set the European record for most goals scored in a season? 
When did messi switch to Newell 's Old Boys who were based in his home city Rosario .? 
When did he follow this up by winning the inaugural FIFA Ballon d'Or , and again in? x
Who serve as the captain of his country 's national football team? 
When did he play for both teams? 
Where did he  win the 201011 uefa best player? 
Who at the age of 11 , was diagnosed with a growth hormone deficiency? 
Does he serve as the captain of his country 's national football team? 
How many goals did he  match jos altafini 's record of  in a single champions league season? 
How many goals did he  set the european record for most  scored in a season during the 201112 season , with? x
318.385277033
8
When did he make a move to Portuguese giants Sporting Clube de Portugal .? 
When did he place second in the Ballon d'Or ,? 
When was ronaldo the inaugural winner of the FIFA Pusks Award .? 
Where did he  make a move? 
When is ronaldo a Portuguese international and made his debut against Kazakhstan .? 
When did he become the first sportsperson to reach 50 million followers on Facebook .? 
When did ronaldo become the most expensive footballer in history? 
When did ronaldo begin his career as a youth player for Andorinha , where he played for two years ,? 
Where is a portuguese international and made his debut  in august 2003? x
When did ronaldo become Manchester United 's first-ever Portuguese player? 
326.746185064
9
When is the most favorable time to observe Taurus in the night sky? 
When is the recommended three-letter abbreviation for the constellation , as adopted by the International Astronomical Union , `` Tau '' .? 
When are the official constellation boundaries , as set by Eugne Delporte , defined by a polygon of 26 segments .? 
When does the Beta Taurid meteor shower occur? 
Who are defined by a polygon of 26 segments? x
What is the prototype of a class of pre-main-sequence stars? 
What is a large and prominent constellation in the northern hemisphere 's winter sky? 
What at first magnitude , is the brightest star in the constellation? 
What cross into the northern part of the constellation? 
What forms part of the zodiac , and hence is intersected by the ecliptic? 
240.696099997

16/70