1
Nonetheless, what currently stands as the thirty-ninth highest-grossing film of all-time? 
Who head back to school on the Hogwarts express? 
Who has backpack sentenced to death in court? 
Who out of anger, vows to avenge his parents, and kill black? 
What when the train abruptly stops , searching for black because harry mentioned his name? 
What at this time, awakes and repels the Dementor with a Patronus charm? 
What secretly teaches harry to defend himself against Dementors using the Patronus charm? 
Who is the sequel to harry potter and the chamber of secrets and is followed by harry potter and the goblet of fire? 
How many worldwide while prisoner of Azkaban grossed a total of $ 796.6? 
What enters their compartment, prompting harry to pass out whilst under the impression of a woman screaming? 
263.011061192
2
How many light-years the primary is a yellow supergiant of magnitude 3.1, ? 
How many years the period is over? 
What are only divisible in larger amateur instruments because of the discrepancy in brightness? 
What is a yellow supergiant of magnitude 3.1 , 900 light-years from earth? 
What is an orange-hued giant star of magnitude 1.2 , 34 light-years from earth? 
What is visible in binoculars and small telescopes? 
Why the two are only divisible in larger amateur? 
What are visible at magnitudes 1.9 and 3.0 with a period of 470 years? 
How many light-years, it is an orange-hued giant star of magnitude 1.2, ? 
What by mid august, will appear along the eastern horizon in the morning sky prior to sunrise? 
265.897889137
3
What promises to wait for her every day at 5o ` clock at the tv station? 
How many at the tv station Jamal promises to wait for her every day at? 
What then bluffs his way into the Javed ' s residence and reunites with Latika? 
When does jamal lose contact with Latika? 
What recounts, through flashbacks, the incidents in his life which provided him with each answer? 
What, though initially reluctantly out of fear of Javed, agrees and escapes? 
Where did jamal then bluff his way into javed 's residence and reunites .? 
Who while Jamal professes his love for her, asks him to forget about her? 
Who at the Javed ' s coffee-house, watches the news coverage of Jamal 's miraculous run on the show? 
Who is regretful for his past actions and only pleads for forgiveness when Jamal physically attacks him? 
276.823241949
4
What onstage, is split into two parts sung in two different scenes? 
What poses as a mysterious lady at an embassy ball and even dances with a foreign prince? 
What was followed faithfully, except for `` with a little bit of luck ''? 
Who partly conceals a grin behind his hand? 
Who recommends Doolittle to a wealthy American who is interested in morality? 
How many different scenes on stage, the song is split into two parts sung in? 
Who however, comes to the horrified realization that he has `` grown accustomed to her face. ? 
How many academy awards, including best picture the film won? 
What finds Eliza the next day and attempts to talk her into coming back to him? 
When does this make Higgins ' evening ,? 
261.000815153
7
Who serves as the captain of his country 's national football team? 
Who at the age of 11, was diagnosed with a growth hormone deficiency? 
How many, Messi was diagnosed with a growth at the age of? 
What became the first player to top-score in four successive champions league campaigns? 
What offered Messi a contract written on a paper napkin? 
How many successive champions league campaigns Messi became the first player to top-score in? 
What was the top scorer of the 2005 FIFA world youth championship with six goals? 
When did he set the European record for most goals scored in a season? 
What at the age of 24, became Barcelona 's all-time top scorer in all official club competitions? 
When did messi switch to Newell 's Old Boys who were based in his home city Rosario .? 
301.237800837
8
How many, he made a move in? 
When did he make a move to Portuguese giants Sporting Clube de Portugal .? 
When did he place second in the Ballon d'Or ,? 
When was ronaldo the inaugural winner of the FIFA Pusks Award .? 
Who in 2007 and 2008, was named fwa footballer of the year? 
Who was awarded the European golden shoe in both 2008 and 2011? 
Who was the inaugural winner of the FIFA physics award in 2009? 
Who placed second in the ballon d'or in 2007 , 2009 , 2011 and 2012? 
How many, Ronaldo was named fwa footballer of the year in 2007 and? 
When is ronaldo a Portuguese international and made his debut against Kazakhstan .? 
269.724938154
9
What is the prototype of a class of pre-main-sequence stars? 
What is a large and prominent constellation in the northern hemisphere 's winter sky? 
Who are defined by a polygon of 26 segments? 
What at first magnitude, is the brightest star in the constellation? 
What crosses into the northern part of the constellation? 
What forms part of the zodiac, and hence is intersected by the ecliptic? 
What forms the profile of a bull 's face is a v or a-shaped asterism of stars? 
When is the most favorable time to observe Taurus in the night sky? 
How many of the constellations Taurus is? 
What during November, appears to radiate from the general direction of this constellation? 
277.300302982
