1
When is it the third most common native language in the world ,? x
Where did middle english  begin in the late 11th century with the norman conquest? 
What has developed over the course of more than 1,400 years? 
When are england and English ( originally Englaland and Englisc ) named? x
Where did the anglo-saxons  settle britain and the romans withdrew? 
Has english  developed over the course of more than 1,400 years? 
What were written using a runic script? 
What begin in the late 11th century with the norman conquest of england? 
What by the sixth century , was adopted , written with half-uncial letterforms? 
What descend from middle english , which in turn descends from old english? 
328.927890062
2
How many stars does the constellation contain  visible to observation on earth without a telescope? 
Where does the constellation contain 85 stars visible to observation  without a telescope? x
When is the best time to observe Gemini at night overhead? 
How many years are two spectroscopic binaries  visible at magnitudes 1.9 and 3.0 with a period of? 
Why the two are only divisible in larger amateur? 
When is castor 's Bayer designation as `` Alpha '' attributable to a mistake by Johann Bayer , who gave his eponymous designations .? 
What contain 85 stars visible to observation on earth without a telescope? 
What are only divisible in larger amateur instruments because of the discrepancy in brightness? 
What is visible in binoculars and small telescopes? 
How many light-years has a period of 500 years and is only divisible in large amateur telescopes? x
333.835642099
3
Who lead the golden bears in scoring in her first year? 
Where did she  score the game-winning goal in the 123rd minute of the semifinal game? 
When did morgan attend UC Berkeley , where she played for the California Golden Bears to? 
Who at the school , was known for her speed and sprinting ability? 
Did she  lead the golden bears in scoring in her first year? 
How many finalists was she  also one of  for the honda sports award , given to the best overall candidate in each sport? x
When did morgan score her first goal for the Flash? 
When did she score the final goal of her freshman season? 
When was morgan the first overall pick in the? x
Was she  known for her speed and sprinting ability? 
371.72478199
5
How many constellations does it rank 31st of the  in size? x
When can it be seen at latitudes between +90 and -60 and is best visible .? 
How many light-years is it  one of the nearest open clusters to our solar system? x
When is the three-letter abbreviation for the constellation , as adopted by the International Astronomical Union , 'Cnc ' .? 
Where is it  one of the nearest open clusters to our solar system? x
How many stars is cancer  the dimmest of the zodiacal constellations , having only  above the fourth magnitude? 
What is of magnitude 12.0 and is visible in small amateur telescopes? 
How many light-years isthe primary  a yellow-hued g-type bright giant star of magnitude 4.0 , around  from earth? 
Is of magnitude 12.0 and is visible in small amateur telescopes? 
When did it spend much of its stellar life as a B-type main sequence star? 
328.544845104
6
When has he been married to Victoria Beckham? 
When was he captain for six years , earning 58 caps? 
When was beckham a Manchester United mascot for a match against West Ham United .? 
How many years was he  captain for  , earning 58 caps during his tenure? 
When did beckham sign a five-year contract with Major League Soccer club LA Galaxy .? 
When did while a Galaxy player , he spend two loan spells in Italy with Milan and? x
Where did beckham  sign a five-year contract? 
Where did he  spend two loan spells in italy? 
When did he announce his retirement after a 20-year career , during which he won 19 major trophies .? 
Where was beckham  born at whipps cross university hospital?
373.591233015
7
Who is based on the novel of the same name by j. k. rowling? x
When are the trio returning to Hogwarts for the school year on the Hogwarts Express? 
Who has been spending another dissatisfying summer at privet drive? 
What flee with his luggage , fed up with his life with the dursleys? 
When was the film nominated for two Academy Awards , Best Original Music Score and Best Visual Effects at the 77th Academy Awards .? 
Believes the mysterious figure is his dead father , and passes out? x
Where has harry potter , now aged 13 ,  been spending another dissatisfying summer? 
Who admits to being a werewolf , and explains that sirius is innocent? 
Who believes the mysterious figure is his dead father , and passes out? 
Where does the knight bus deliver harry to the leaky cauldron , where he is forgiven by minister of magic cornelius fudge for using magic outside? x
368.787795067
8
When did perl 4 go through a series of maintenance releases , culminating in Perl 4.036 .? 
When was perl 5.002 released with the new prototypes feature .? 
When did perl 3 , released , add support for binary data streams .? 
When was the perl5-porters mailing list established to coordinate work on porting Perl 5 to different platforms .? 
Where did perl 4  go through a series of maintenance releases , culminating  in 1993? x
Where did wall  abandon perl 4 to begin work? x
What add support for binary data streams? 
When did perl 2 , released , feature a better regular expression engine .? 
Where does it remain the primary forum for development , maintenance , and porting? x
When did perl 6 , which begin as a redesign of Perl 5 , eventually evolved into a separate language .? 
388.748546839
16/80